com/gfa/backendapi/models/ArrayHandlerResultArray.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.ArrayHandlerResultArray
com/gfa/backendapi/models/DTO/LogDTO.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.DTO.LogDTO
com/gfa/backendapi/repositories/DoublingRepo.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.repositories.DoublingRepo
com/gfa/backendapi/models/ErrorDoubling.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.ErrorDoubling
com/gfa/backendapi/repositories/GreeterRepo.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.repositories.GreeterRepo
com/gfa/backendapi/models/SithText.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.SithText
com/gfa/backendapi/services/ArrayHandlerServiceImpl.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.services.ArrayHandlerServiceImpl
com/gfa/backendapi/services/LogService.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.services.LogService
com/gfa/backendapi/models/Hungarian.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.Hungarian
com/gfa/backendapi/services/UntilServiceImpl.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.services.UntilServiceImpl
com/gfa/backendapi/services/GreeterServiceImpl.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.services.GreeterServiceImpl
com/gfa/backendapi/models/ErrorsGreeter.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.ErrorsGreeter
com/gfa/backendapi/models/UntilResult.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.UntilResult
com/gfa/backendapi/models/Doubling.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.Doubling
com/gfa/backendapi/services/ArrayHandlerService.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.services.ArrayHandlerService
com/gfa/backendapi/models/Greeter.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.Greeter
com/gfa/backendapi/models/Teve.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.Teve
com/gfa/backendapi/repositories/LogRepo.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.repositories.LogRepo
com/gfa/backendapi/controllers/ArrayHandlerController.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.controllers.ArrayHandlerController
com/gfa/backendapi/services/UntilService.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.services.UntilService
com/gfa/backendapi/services/DoublingServiceImpl.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.services.DoublingServiceImpl
com/gfa/backendapi/services/DoublingService.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.services.DoublingService
com/gfa/backendapi/BackendapiApplication.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.BackendapiApplication
com/gfa/backendapi/models/Until.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.Until
com/gfa/backendapi/models/ArrayHandler.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.ArrayHandler
com/gfa/backendapi/models/Log.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.Log
com/gfa/backendapi/services/SithService.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.services.SithService
com/gfa/backendapi/models/ArrayHandlerResult.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.ArrayHandlerResult
com/gfa/backendapi/models/Sith.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.Sith
com/gfa/backendapi/models/Appendable.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.models.Appendable
com/gfa/backendapi/services/GreeterService.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.services.GreeterService
com/gfa/backendapi/services/HungarianService.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.services.HungarianService
com/gfa/backendapi/controllers/MainController.java
 com.gfa.backendapi.controllers.MainController
